Replace developer mode with test mode and send the event to Spoor with `is_live` set to false. (#288)
Financial-Times/o-tracking: MIGRATION.md

+tracking.click.init();
```

`tracking.developer` has been removed, it has been replaced by the configuration parameter `test`. Set `test` to `true` to turn send events in test mode.
```diff
-tracking.developer(true);
+tracking.init({

>     test: true
> });

Author: ```suggestion
+    test: true
+});
```

```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

The configuration parameter `no_send` has been removed, it has been replaced by the configuration parameter `test`. Set `test` to `true` to turn send events in test mode.
```diff
-tracking.init({
-	no_send: true
-});
+tracking.init({
+    test: true
+});
```
```

+tracking.click.init();
```

> `tracking.developer` has been removed, it has been replaced by the configuration parameter `test`. Set `test` to `true` to turn send events in test mode.

Reviewer: >to turn send events in test mode.

what now? also what does test mode do? send the event but the event is ignored or bucketed differently by Spoor?

Author: ```suggestion
The `tracking.developer` function has been removed, it has been replaced by a configuration parameter named `test`. Set the `test` configuration parameter to `true` to have similar behavior to the old `developer` mode.
```

Reviewer: Nice!

```diff
-tracking.developer(true);
+tracking.init({
+    test: true
+});
```

> The configuration parameter `no_send` has been removed, it has been replaced by the configuration parameter `test`. Set `test` to `true` to turn send events in test mode.

Reviewer: as above

Author: ```suggestion
The configuration parameter `no_send` has been removed, it has been replaced by a configuration parameter named `test`. The events will be sent but will be marked as test events, which Spoor will ignore.
```

Reviewer: Nice!
